they're just Alaskan questions running
the best of them just practical
practical so that's good
ask practical questions
[Applause]
would you like to talk to them for a
while and just ah I just talked to them
they asked their questions in person I'm
overjoyed to see you all here actually
the whole night I was working on
Melbourne seekers that they should come
today and should establish their
realisation very well now we have to
understand few things about sahaja yoga
very clearly and there is no compromise
on these few things that we have to
accept because as I told you truth
cannot compromise for you you have to
compromise for truth so the first is
that sahaja Yoga is not just a precept
it's not just a precept it is practice
it is not just a mental idea now you've
got realization all right but it's not
sufficient
even if think that you've got
realization so now you are all right you
become the spirit all right but still it
is more a mental conception than the
real identification so it is not that if
you become your realization and if you
get your realization and you starts the
awakening what your Kundalini starts
very well still it is to be understood
that it is the practice of sahaja yoga
which is much more important than the
precepts of it there are many people in
India who can't read or write
who don't have all these mental
activities as you have they are not so
complicated as you are some of them are
Aboriginal people just living in the
village is very simple people they get
realization they feel the joy much
faster than the complicated ones be
and they just start working on it you
have to work it out this is not a
compassion that speaks talks elaborates
and advertises but it works sahaja Yoga
is a thing that works the religion that
works and this is what we must
understand first of all that it is not
that talking it is not the precept that
you are a great soul you have to become
not that you are not you are but you
have to be aware of more light has to
fall flow into you
the definitely you must be something
special to get it no doubt but you must
allow your lamp to be cleared out
cleansed so that more light is given and
it works wonders for for people so
honestly want to ascend in spirituality
as I told you before also that it is a
concept many people have that sahaja
yoga your speed it's not true it just
has a by-product it make urea just as a
by-product so one has to understand the
blessing has come to you only because
you are a seeker you have done lots of
good in your past lives and this life
also and that God has chosen you to be
in his kingdom but it cannot be
demanding you cannot demand you can't
demand anything from God he has to give
you because he knows what you deserve
and he gives you much much much more
than what you deserve
I mean I have seen people who have been
in sahaja yoga that after one year they
start asking but then what did we do to
deserve all this they just can't believe
it as it must be something you must know
there was something but the blessings
have come to you this is one thing one
has to understand that you cannot make
sahaja yoga compromise for you you have
to understand all the techniques and
things about sahaja yoga now the thing
would be that you may start
you see so that's what we have people
who are doubting about it and doing all
kinds of things in the beginning there
are other slow movers so we have to sort
them out to begin with because the
second stage of awareness is doubtless
awareness you are doubtless about
yourself
doubtless about the working of sahaja
yoga
doubtless about God's existence and
outlets about his laws have become
absolutely doubtless not mentally but
it's a state it's a state of your being
by which you achieve lots of results and
you really become powerful then you can
see your compassion so powerful so
discreet so understanding so forbearing
and you are amazed at yourself you
really become a saint in the real sense
of the word that you become humble
flowering beautifully not taking
anything aggressive on you upon yourself
and you are really in the kingdom of God
that you feel that you are looked after
protected guided blessed every moment
you walk along and that's the state
everybody should aspire to reach is the
doubtless awareness and unless until you
reach that state we don't call you
sahaja yogi you may start calling
yourself but that's lift to yourself see
there are no sort of we don't have any
certification or things going on or we
do not give any written certificates to
people nothing of the kind
it is you who has to certify yourself so
gradually people grow up into beautiful
beings they start having their self
esteem fully established understanding
themselves but practice of sahaja yoga
must be done without thinking too much
about it first you just try it but try
because if you start doubting I tell you
your progress will be much less so first
just like a scientist to try to accept
one by whether there's nothing has to be
done I mean don't have to pay me
anything of course that goes you don't
have to do any acrobatics or anything
but for example a small thing like my
photograph you see many people say why
your photograph so
your photograph I say if that works out
you say is something surprising that's
how people will challenge me while your
photograph is why not use yours I will
be very happy use anybody's but doesn't
work out what to do now
it's mine photograph that works out but
even if you don't like it you have to
use it what can I do
it's as simple that's bad you see but in
that I don't gain anything from you I
don't want anything from you nothing
material that you can give me but you
will enjoy you'll enjoy my laugh you'll
enjoy it's all for your own enjoyment
everything is done and this is a special
time we are born in we have a special
responsibility today we had a lady who
came her husband came and they were
saying that you had a son who was very
well equipped and he went to one of the
gurus and he got completely ruined
and this particular guru we have to be
rather careful about his disrelish fella
his disciples are rather difficult they
come to sahaja yoga right but they are
very extreme type of people they come
with a great force to sahaja yoga again
go back so all those who have been to
Rajneesh and have taken his initiation
have to be extremely careful all of you
who have been to gurus must know that
they will be again and again attacked so
you have to be rather patient with
yourself as we are with you and must
know that you must assert your willpower
a little bit to come up and shade off
all that was screwed into your head and
you paid for it you see forget it
sometimes people say that we have paid
for it so better have it that's not the
way you better throw it away it's
horrible you have bought a snake on your
head on your neck so just throw away all
these things that they have put you
aren't forget it and become yourself
first of all become your own guru
ask your vibrations develop your
vibratory awareness and grow with it
some people will find also that their
vibrations are not showing very good
results some of you will find that kind
of thing and when you find that your
vibrations are not
working out in your hands and things you
should not get worried about it maybe
your visshuddhi chakra is not alright
there are ways and methods of improving
the shooty chakra by which you know the
exact mantras to be said and how to
improve it and we have also vibrated oil
and all that you can apply here and also
there are other methods by which you can
improve your sinus and if you have any
problem with the visually because of
over smoking or anything there are so
many ways which you can call the
grandmother's medicine simple simple
things which will work it out you try to
clear out
so whatever center is not working out
you should get after that and don't
worry about the centers that are good
because those who are good are good so
we have to look after the centers which
are in trouble and try to improve our
centers and the complete being is to be
brought to the balance some people have
some centers so badly off that despite
the fact that all the centers all right
because of one center you see there any
imbalance so first thing in sahaja Yoga
is to establish a balance now certain
things about morality and all that I
don't want to talk to you gradually
yourself Radel realize what is good for
you bad for you but in sahaja yoga you
will be given a proper guidance as to
what is to be done how to lead a life
and how to have a normal good marriage
life how to have children how to look
after them how to get to your parents so
the social side also you can learn very
well by which you really feel happy but
the main society that you have is of
sahaja Yogi's of course you don't have
to cut off from anyone you don't have to
give up anyone but you grow among your
sahaja Yogi's these are called as such
an assessee sir Jana the people who are
the followers of truth so once you come
together it's a collective happening
it works out more collectively and it
helps you much more but if you say
individually mother I can do it it
doesn't work out in sahaja yoga I've
seen you don't go too far
you all have to work it together you
have to meet luckily you have a very
good ashram here you all can come and
meditate and take a proper help from
these people God has already blessed
this place so much and when I came to
Melbourne we I stayed in a very small
little house with I think two bedrooms
and some sort of a thing like that and
this time I find a big huge thing being
given to you and they may start it also
ani school for small children here your
small children can go to that school
where they can be looked after well they
won't have any complications and
everything can be done at a much better
level than what you find in the mundane
life everything has a meaning spiritual
meaning everything in life has a meaning
so you should try to find out whatever
is good for your ascent and for your
nourishing of your spiritual being I
hope next time when I come all of you
will be great sahaja Yogi's and will be
great people individually everyone will
be working out on many people and we
have to change the face of Melbourne
completely may God bless you